Fix https://github.com/wso2/docs-apim/issues/4775 (#4776)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/integrate/develop/create-docker-project.md

Create a Docker Exporter if you want to deploy your integration solutions inside a Docker environment. This project directory allows you to package multiple [integration modules]({{base_path}}/integrate/develop/create-integration-project) into a single Docker image and then build and push to the Docker registries.

!!! note 

>     Make sure when using kubernetes/Docker exporter project using integration studio-8.0.0 with latest wum updated 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When using Kubernetes/Docker exporter project, make sure to use Integration Studio 8.0.0 with the latest WUM update. 
```
